2027 Gamuda Graduate Program - Engineering

Gamuda Engineering is a reputable Engineering and Construction contractor that specialises in the design and construction of Transport, Civil and Energy Infrastructure projects. As part of our commitment to expansion, Gamuda has established offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane to pursue and deliver a variety of complex and challenging engineering projects.

We are currently delivering the Sydney Metro West Stations Package, and in joint venture partnerships delivering both the Coffs Harbour Bypass and the M1 Motorway Extension Southern Package along with numerous other road, water infrastructure and renewable energy projects across the eastern states.

The Gamuda Australia team has grown significantly since its inception and is strategically recruiting the skills, experience and behaviours to create a working culture destined for an employer of choice.

Our Graduate Program

As a Gamuda graduate you will be supported through an 18-month development program including structured workshop learning and on-the-job training including exposure to current projects in delivery and our tender teams gaining experience across a range of disciplines including Construction, Design, Planning and Procurement.

Our graduate program is delivered in partnership with Engineers Australia and is focussed on developing your leadership and management skills along with your technical competencies.

You will also take part in an organised Social Impact Project aiming to leave a lasting legacy for a community organisation through our engineering solutions.

We will have opportunities for graduates in various locations including Sydney, Melbourne and other regional projects.

About you

You will be a recent graduate or final year student completing studies in Engineering – Civil, Mechanical, Electrical or Renewable Energy.

You will be a motivated individual keen to develop innovative solutions to engineering problems, someone able to work effectively in a team environment and collaborate with colleagues across a variety of disciplines. Additionally, your personal commitment to best-practice, to safety, sustainability and diversity will be aligned to our own.

Application Process

Applications are online and close on 27th September 2026.

The process will include an online submission, video interview and virtual or in-person interviews.

Please submit a resume and your most recent academic transcript in support of your application.

You must be residing in Australia and be available to commence full-time employment from January 2027 or earlier.
